Isolate start and stop interfaces for each Hardware Component (#2120)
ros-controls/ros2_control: doc/release_notes.rst

* With (`#1567 <https://github.com/ros-controls/ros2_control/pull/1567>`_) all the Hardware components now have a fully functional asynchronous functionality, by simply adding ``is_async`` tag to the ros2_control tag in the URDF. This will allow the hardware components to run in a separate thread, and the controller manager will be able to run the controllers in parallel with the hardware components.
* The hardware components can be easily introspect the internal member variables using the macro ``REGISTER_ROS2_CONTROL_INTROSPECTION`` (`#1918 <https://github.com/ros-controls/ros2_control/pull/1918>`_)
* Added new ``get_optional`` method that returns ``std::optional`` of the templated type, and this can be used to check if the value is available or not (`#1976 <https://github.com/ros-controls/ros2_control/pull/1976>`_ and `#2061 <https://github.com/ros-controls/ros2_control/pull/2061>`_)

> * The ``prepare_command_mode_switch`` and ``perform_command_mode_switch`` methods will now receive the start/stop interfaces that belong to the hardware componen instead of everything (`#2120 <https://github.com/ros-controls/ros2_control/pull/2120>`_)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The ``prepare_command_mode_switch`` and ``perform_command_mode_switch`` methods will now only receive the start/stop interfaces that belong to the hardware component instead of everything (`#2120 <https://github.com/ros-controls/ros2_control/pull/2120>`_)
```
